[serve] add warning for max concurrent queries default (#43004)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/configure-serve-deployment.md

- `name` - Name uniquely identifying this deployment within the application. If not provided, the name of the class or function is used.
- `num_replicas` - Number of replicas to run that handle requests to this deployment. Defaults to 1.
- `ray_actor_options` - Options to pass to the Ray Actor decorator, such as resource requirements. Valid options are: `accelerator_type`, `memory`, `num_cpus`, `num_gpus`, `object_store_memory`, `resources`, and `runtime_env` For more details - [Resource management in Serve](serve-cpus-gpus)

> - `max_concurrent_queries` - Maximum number of queries that are sent to a replica of this deployment without receiving a response. Defaults to 100 (the default will become 5 in an upcoming Ray release). This may be an important parameter to configure for [performance tuning](serve-perf-tuning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_concurrent_queries` - Maximum number of queries that are sent to a replica of this deployment without receiving a response. Defaults to 100 (the default will change to 5 in an upcoming release). This may be an important parameter to configure for [performance tuning](serve-perf-tuning).
```
